README.md, before:

# NeuroCAAS Remote
## A repository to assist the creation of new pipelines on the NeuroCAAS platform. 

This repository contains scripts that coordinate analyses that we built and host on NeuroCAAS. It serves to provide transparency for the analyses that we provide (all analysis code for NeuroCAAS is contained in this repo or the original analysis repo), and as a template for developers who would like to offer their analyses on NeuroCAAS. For these developers, this repo houses a collection of utilities that automate the process of coordinating logs and system monitoring with the NeuroCAAS platform and the web frontend. 

To get started, the script "run_main.sh" runs all of the setup and cleanup required by NeuroCAAS, as well as declaring useful variables to streamline data transfer and directory navigation. Take a look at how it calls analysis-specific scripts within it, and consider how that can be adapted for your pipeline. See the epi, dlc, caiman, locanmf, and pmd subfolders to see how other analyses function within this framework. To see how these analyses perform, see the NeuroCAAS [website](http://www.neurocaas.org).

Commit message:

Started adding local tools to this repo as well.

README.md, after:

# NeuroCAAS Contrib
## A repository to assist the creation of new pipelines on the NeuroCAAS platform. 

## This repository is accompanied by a python package. It has two main parts:
* Local
* Remote

The "Local" portion of this repository contains an interface for developers who would like to contribute their analyses to the NeuroCAAS platform. It allows them to setup immutable analysis environments from their local machines, and test those immutable analysis environments once they have been set up.  

The "Remote" portion of this repository contains scripts that should live on the remote instance, and coordinate analyses that we built and host on NeuroCAAS. It serves to provide transparency for the analyses that we provide (all analysis code for NeuroCAAS is contained in this repo or the original analysis repo), and as a template for developers who would like to offer their analyses on NeuroCAAS. For these developers, this repo houses a collection of utilities that automate the process of coordinating logs and system monitoring with the NeuroCAAS platform and the web frontend. 

To get started, the script "run\_main.sh" runs all of the setup and cleanup required by NeuroCAAS, as well as declaring useful variables to streamline data transfer and directory navigation. Take a look at how it calls analysis-specific scripts within it, and consider how that can be adapted for your pipeline. See the epi, dlc, caiman, locanmf, and pmd subfolders to see how other analyses function within this framework. To see how these analyses perform, see the NeuroCAAS [website](http://www.neurocaas.org).
